Docs: Clarify GitHub Actions re-run permissions for contributors (#1842)
python/devguide: getting-started/pull-request-lifecycle.rst

will merge in the latest changes from the base branch into the PR.

If this still doesn't help with the failure on the PR, you can try
to re-run that particular failed check.

> Note that the :guilabel:`Re-run jobs` button on GitHub Actions is only visible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Re-run jobs` button on GitHub Actions is only visible
```

> to Python core developers and triagers. If you have these permissions, go to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to Python core and triage teams. If you have these permissions, go to
```

the red GitHub Action job, click on the :guilabel:`Re-run jobs` button on the
top right, and select :guilabel:`Re-run failed jobs`. The button will only be
present when all other jobs finished running.

If you are a regular contributor and cannot see the button, you can ask a
reviewer to re-run the failed jobs for you in a PR comment. Alternatively, you

> can re-trigger the CI by pushing an empty commit to your branch (e.g.

Reviewer: Avoid Latin abbreviations: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language
```suggestion
can re-trigger the CI by pushing an empty commit to your branch (for example,
```

``git commit --allow-empty -m "Trigger CI"``), or by closing and re-opening

> your pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to re-run that particular failed check. Note that the :guilabel:`Re-run jobs`
button is only visible to members of the core and triage team. If you have those
permissions, go to the failed GitHub Action job, click :guilabel:`Re-run jobs` on
the top right, and select :guilabel:`Re-run failed jobs`. The button is only
present once all other jobs have finished.

If don't have access to the button, ask a member of the teams to
re-run the jobs for you. Alternatively, you can re-trigger CI yourself by
pushing an empty commit, or by updating your branch with the
:guilabel:`Update branch` button.
```
I think we can simplify this a little.

Author: Applied! Thanks for the suggestion.
